.TH consolelogga 8
.SH NAME
consolelogga \- log messages from the console at boot and shutdown
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B consolelogga
[\fB\-c \-\-console=\fR\fIconsolearg\fR]
[\fB\-e \-\-exact\fR]
[\fB\-o \-\-output=\fR\fI/path/to/log\fR]
.br
[\fB\-p \-\-pidfile\fR]
[\fB\-P \-\-pidpath=\fR\fI/path/to/pid\fR]
[\fB\-x \-\-nofork\fR]
.br
[\fB\-? \-\-help\fR]
[\fB\-\-usage\fR]
[\fB\-V \-\-version\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B consolelogga
Records information shown on the console.
.br
Logs will be written when the log file is available.
.br
Otherwise messages are temporarily stored in RAM.
.br
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-c \-\-console=consolearg
Write to user defined console(s)
.TP
.B \-e \-\-exact
Log messages without a timestamp
.TP
.B \-o \-\-output=/path/to/logfile
Write to user defined log file location
.TP
.B \-p \-\-pidfile
Write a pidfile to the default location
.TP
.B \-P \-\-pidpath=/path/to/pid
Write a pidfile to a user defined location
.TP
.B \-x \-\-nofork
Run as a foreground process, don't fork to the background
.TP
.B \-? \-\-help
Print an onscreen help message
.TP
.B \-\-usage
Give a short usage message
.TP
.B \-V \-\-version
Print program version
.SH FILES
.TP
.B Default log file :
.I /var/log/consolelogga.log
.TP
.B Default pid file :
.I /run/consolelogga/consolelogga_pidfile.pid
.SH BUGS
CXperimental <www.cxperimental.weebly.com>
https://github.com/zqqw/consolelogga
.SH EXAMPLE
.TP
.B consolelogga
Default settings, no arguments given.
.br
Fork to background, no pidfile, console(s) found in /proc/consoles.
.br
Log to /var/log/consolelogga.log (if it exists) with timestamp.
.TP
.B consolelogga \-xp
Run as foreground process, with default pidfile.
.TP
.B consolelogga \-\-pidpath=\fI/new/path\fR
User defined pidfile location.
.TP
.B consolelogga \-o \fI/new/path\fR
User defined log file location
.TP
.B consolelogga \-c\fI"/dev/tty1 /dev/tty2"\fR
Write to tty1 and tty2. Data written to /dev/console is intercepted by
consolelogga. It then must be redirected to the display tty, usually
tty1. This tty is often called the console, but it isn't
/dev/console. consolelogga should detect the console(s) from
/proc/consoles. This option allows any console(s) to be manually
defined if needed.
.TP
.B consolelogga \-e
Don't add the date and time to the start of each logged line.
.TP
.B less -R or more consolelogga.log
Interpret escape codes for color and bold text display.
.TP
